hey boss you okay do I look okay no then
what are you a fucking moron you're
always saying the obvious I can't
believe I'm surrounded by people like
you sorry listen I'm sorry Tony you're
one of my most trusted allies after what
you did feel like a son to me better
than my son better than any son your
mother is a lucky woman so I hear
Anthony it's over for guys like us what
dinosaurs or dildos or dildos or
something I tell you even in my own
family I feel like Jesus surrounded by
12 Judas's I mean listen to this I got a
union boss abroad no less than I need to
do me a favor and she asked me for money
all I wanted was 24 hour access to the
Ducks while the strike was going on
strikes tonight helped organize so my
boys could offload some drugs and now I
get this horse shit I mean these are
people that I personally fought for
people I've killed for honest people and
this is how they repay the salt it's a
disgrace we're finished Men of Honor
like you and me listen Tony I want you
to take something to it you're gonna
take this crap off abroad for now what
choice do I have look go down there pay
her off and tell her I like to have a
word with it go
wait in here where did you learn how to
make this I'm finally going to show that
bitch teacher
kind of information like how to pick
locks steal calls from pay phones and
suffocate classmate keep all the it
just got worse lips 106 Salvatore wants
to talk I'm not playing Salvatore his
game thanks for the donation kitsy
around
I'm up you jerk
hey skyscraper
go to run away
put him up you're here he is
Oh
he's over there